grex is a thick plastic coating to
decorative effects for facades
it provides a grayed effect and
ribes and to achieve this effect it you
will need the following material knife to
Coat trowel plastic trowel
Greek special this roll of refacing
Greek products this astra tax
premium
make sure that your support and without
dust cracks and that it is
pregnant and dry
dilute the astra tax premium at 100%
of water and mix until
a homogeneous material
then apply to the rolls of
remodeling applied grex using the
trowel upwards and scrape
with the coating knife to ensure
equality in the distribution of
produce and bring out the grains
using the special plastic trowel
grex perform vertical movements
to make the decoration appear
desired attention the special trowel
Greek it must be frequently
wet to wet
when using
summarize the steps necessary to
the application the knife material to
Coat trowel plastic trowel
Greek special this roll of refacing
greek products this astra latex trim
the application a print layer to
the astral and expresses drying time 12
hours a finishing layer to the greek
this grex is available in several
computer- made colors you
can choose one or more on
the color catalog of the Greek